Refactor Install instructions to be streamlined and more intuitive (#74)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/installation/pip-install.md

```

Observe that after activating, your prompt will now be preceded with the name of the virtualenv (`nautobot`).

## Prepare the Virtual Environment

Before we install anything into the virtualenv, we want to make sure that Pip is running the latest version. This is neecessary because sometimes when a new virtualenv is created, a cached version of Pip is installed into it. (Yes, even after we've deliberately upgraded Pip at the system level!)

We also want to deliberately install the `wheel` library which will tell Pip to always try to install wheel packages if they are available. A [wheel is a pre-compiled Python package](https://realpython.com/python-wheels/), which is quicker and safer to install because it does not require development libraries or `gcc` to be installed on your system just so that some more advanced Python libraries can be compiled. 

```no-highlight
$ pip3 install --upgrade pip wheel
```

## Install Nautobot

Use Pip to install Nautobot:

```no-highlight
$ pip3 install nautobot
```

Great! We have a virtualenv ready for use by the `nautobot` user, so let's proceed to verifying the installation.

## Verify your Nautobot Installation

> You should now have a fancy `nautobot-server` command in your environment. This will be your gateway to all things Nautobot! Run it to confirm the installed version of `nautobot`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should now have a fancy `nautobot-server` command in your virtualenv. This will be your gateway to all things Nautobot! Run it to confirm the installed version of `nautobot`:
```

```no-highlight
(nautobot) $ nautobot-server --version
```

## Configuration

!!! warning
    The following commands should all be performed by the `nautobot` user!

Before you can use Nautobot, you'll need to configure it by telling it where your database and Redis servers can be found, among other things. This is done with the `nautobot_config.py` configuration file.

### Initialize your configuration

> Initialize a new configuration by running `nautobot-server init`. You may specify an alternate location and detailed instructions for this are covered in the documentation on [Nautobot Configuration](../../configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initialize a new configuration by running `nautobot-server init`. You may specify an alternate location if desired; detailed instructions for this are covered in the documentation on [Nautobot Configuration](../../configuration).
```

However, because we've set the `NAUTOBOT_ROOT`, this command will automatically create a new `nautobot_config.py` at the default location based on this at `/opt/nautobot/nautobot_config.py`:

```no-highlight
(nautobot) $ nautobot-server init

> ```

Reviewer: Any output from this command that we can/should show here?

```

### Remote File Storage

By default, Nautobot will use the local filesystem to store uploaded files. To use a remote filesystem, install the [`django-storages`](https://django-storages.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) library and configure your [desired storage backend](/configuration/optional-settings/#storage_backend) in `nautobot_config.py`.

To use remote file storage, add `django-storages` to your `local_requirements.txt` so that it can be installed and kept up to date:

```no-highlight
(nautobot) $ echo django-storages >> /opt/nautobot/local_requirements.txt
```

## Prepare the Database

Before Nautobot can run, the database migrations must be performed to prepare the database for use. This will populate the database tables and relationships:

```no-highlight
(nautobot) $ nautobot-server migrate
```

## Create a Superuser

Nautobot does not come with any predefined user accounts. You'll need to create a super user (administrative account) to be able to log into Nautobot. Specifying an email address for the user is not required, but be sure to use a very strong password.

```no-highlight
(nautobot) $ nautobot-server createsuperuser
```

## Create Static Directories

> Nautobot relies upon many static files including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the database itself, Nautobot stores files on the filesystem in a number of dedicated directories:
```

- `git` - For storing [Git repositories](../../models/extras/gitrepository)

> - `jobs` - For storing [custom Jobs](../../additional-features/jobs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `jobs` - For storing [jobs](../../additional-features/jobs)
```

- `media` - For storing [uploaded images and attachments](../../configuration/optional-settings/#media_root) (such as device type images)
- `static` - The home for [CSS, JavaScript, and images](../../configuration/optional-settings/#static_root) used to serve the web interface

> Each of these have their own corresponding setting that defined in `nautobot_config.py`, but by default they will all be placed in `NAUTOBOT_ROOT` unless you tell Nautobot otherwise by customizing their unique variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of these can be individually placed by setting variables in `nautobot_config.py`, but by default they will all be placed in `NAUTOBOT_ROOT` unless you tell Nautobot otherwise by customizing their unique variable.
```

> The `collectstatic` command will create these directories if they do not exist, and in the case of the `static` files directory, it will also copy the appropriate files:

Reviewer: `collectstatic` creates the other directories too? I didn't know that.
